[opensearch] Add snapshot policy (#130)
bitergia-analytics/bap-deployment-toolkit: docs/deployment_and_config.md

  and warnings about expired certs on Let's Encrypt.
- `nginx_defualt_fqdn` (optional): enable a default host (404 page not found).

Slack notification channels configuration go to [OpenSearch documentation](https://docs.opensearch.org/docs/latest/observing-your-data/notifications/api/) for more info.

> - `channels`: Channel configurations

Reviewer: If this is related to opensearch, these variables should have that prefix, right? Maybe also use `notification_channels` instead of `channels`.

- `channels.config_id`: Specifies the channel identifier.
- `channels.name`: The channel name.
- `channels.description`: The channel description.
- `channels.slack_url`: The Slack channel URL.

> Snapshot Management configuration go to [OpenSearch documentation](https://docs.opensearch.org/docs/latest/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/sm-api/) for more info.

Reviewer: These needs a paragraph with what this is going to do and why. I also think this is optional, right?

> - `snapshot_policy`: Snapshot management policy

Reviewer: Because this is related to OpenSearch, variables should start with that prefix. Same as with the channels config.

- `mordred_ssh_key.public`: path to your SSH public key file

#### Create OpenSearch notification channels for Slack (optional)

Toolkit will create notification channels only for slack, if you want to crate
OpenSearch notification channels add these parameters. Click [here](https://docs.opensearch.org/docs/latest/observing-your-data/notifications/api/)
for more information.

- `opensearch_notification_channels`: Channel configurations, only available for Slack.
  Create as many entries as you might need.
- `opensearch_notification_channels.config_id`: Specifies the channel identifier.
- `opensearch_notification_channels.name`: The channel name.
- `opensearch_notification_channels.description`: The channel description.
- `opensearch_notification_channels.slack_url`: The Slack channel URL.

Here are some examples of the notifications:

```text
Snapshot Management - Snapshot Creation Notification
Snapshot daily_snapshot-2025-07-04-566z0ew1 creation has finished successfully.

Snapshot Management - Snapshot Deletion Notification
Snapshot(s) [daily_snapshot-2025-07-04-ajuaw79l] deletion has finished.
```

#### Create OpenSearch Snapshot Policy (optional)

> Toolkit will create a snapshot policy with retention, if you want to create
> OpenSearch Snapshot policy add these parameters. Click [here](https://docs.opensearch.org/docs/latest/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/sm-api/)
> for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the toolkit to set OpenSearch policies that will create data snapshots.
These snapshots will serve as a backup in the case you need to recover data. By default,
the will be created every day but you can set how often you want to generate them.

At the same time, you can set a retention policy to delete old snapshots. By default, snapshots will
be kept for 30 days.

You can find more info about how snapshots work on OpenSearch in
[their official documentation](https://docs.opensearch.org/docs/latest/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/sm-api/).

Set the following parameters to configure the snapshot policies.
```

**Important**: You must create and configure a OpenSearch notification channel
before setting up `opensearch_snapshot_policy.notification_channel_id`.

- `opensearch_snapshot_policy`: Snapshot management policy
- `opensearch_snapshot_policy.policy_id`: Policy ID
- `opensearch_snapshot_policy.description`: The description of the SM policy
- `opensearch_snapshot_policy.enabled`: Should this SM policy be enabled at creation?
- `opensearch_snapshot_policy.date_format`: Specifies the format for the date in the snapshot name.

>   Supports all date formats supported by OpenSearch (i.e "yyyy-MM-dd"). Snapshot names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Supports all date formats supported by OpenSearch (e.g. "yyyy-MM-dd"). Snapshot names
```

  have the format `<policy_name>-<date_format>-<random number>`.
- `opensearch_snapshot_policy.indices`: The names of the indexes in the snapshot. Multiple index
  names are separated by `,`. Supports wildcards (`*`).
- `opensearch_snapshot_policy.creation_cron_expression`: The cron schedule used to create snapshots.
- `opensearch_snapshot_policy.deletion_cron_expression`: The cron schedule used to delete snapshots.
- `opensearch_snapshot_policy.time_limit`: Sets the maximum time to wait for snapshot creation and
  deletion to finish.
- `opensearch_snapshot_policy.retention.max_age`: The maximum time a snapshot is retained.
- `opensearch_snapshot_policy.retention.max_count`: The maximum number of snapshots to be retained.
- `opensearch_snapshot_policy.retention.min_count`: The minimum number of snapshots to be retained.
- `opensearch_snapshot_policy.notification_channel_id`: The channel ID of the channel used for notifications.
- `opensearch_snapshot_policy.notification_conditions.creation`: Do you want notifications about snapshot creation?.
- `opensearch_snapshot_policy.notification_conditions.deletion`: Do you want notifications about snapshot deletion? .

> - `opensearch_snapshot_policy.notification_conditions.failure`: Do you want notifications about creation or deletion failure?.

Reviewer: What are the possible values here?

> - `opensearch_snapshot_policy.timezone`: Policy timezone

Reviewer: Can we have the format of the timezone?
